Ouch, Great Elder
Why are you here?
No wonder His Majesty Tiandi turned out to be the birth of Tiandi Order
Elder, don't be deceived by him
This heaven and earth order is clearly fake
Yeah, the dragon.
The heaven and earth contained in the Lord of Rabbits and One Spirit is a duck
Can you fake it?
It seems that there are also next year's people in your Tiangong
What do you want, little brother?
to-be suzerain
Don't even think about it.
Since the ascension of Qianzu
The Heavenly Ancestor Sect Master has been vacant for a thousand years
What you said is not impossible.
I... we need some time
I need to discuss business with the elders
It doesn't matter. I have plenty of time.
All right, please.
What are you doing?
Don't help me up, big brother
It turns out that one day I can become the sect master of the Heavenly Sect
I languished for 50 years.
Go and let this trash take the lead
If Big Brother can get rid of your mother, this trash
You are still in the position of treating people
Ok you forest demon
You wait for me.
The subject of the antelope blade sect master can be meaningful
Absolutely not.
That antelope is just an ant
I just reached Qi training
He is going to be the master of the substitute blade sect
Then wouldn't our Tianzong make people laugh?
But the heaven and earth token is based on the heaven and earth ruins
Holder of heaven and earth tokens
Only then can he succeed the new suzerain
What do you think of the 2 galleries?
Anyway, the position of the sect master is also controlled
Since he wants to do it
Then let him do it
But the premise is that the marriage after seven days
See if he comes back alive